README.md, before:

# Kanban Board

### What is kanban board

Kanban is work management system designed to help visualize work, limit work in progress and maximize efficiency (flow). Kan-Ban is Japanese word for visual signal. Learn more from the [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_board) page.

## About this project

With this application user can easily sign up using existing Github account, and start creating projects. Every project has own dashboard and kanban board. After creating project, administrator can create tasks, invite other user to join the project and split up work.
This is project management application with goal to simplify workflow for teams and help them done work
faster.

Start using 👉 [Kanban Board](kanban-board-899e2.web.app) application now!

### Goals of the project

Create a larger scale project without cloning existing project. Learn TypeScript along the way.

### Technologies used to build this project

1. React (functional)
2. TypeScript
3. Firebase (Authentication with Github, Firestore, Hosting)
4. CSS Modules
5. Zustand (for global state)

### Features

...in progress...

1. Project - title, description, tags, repository, team members, project scope mini message app, list of task with different stages, notifications.
2. Project kanban board - for easier task manipulation using drag and drop.
3. Create task - title, description, priority, current stage, notes, assignment.
4. User - profile, managing projects, collaborating projects, notifications,
5. Search for project
6. Search for users
7. Responsive
8. Messages
9. Notification

### Screenshots

...coming soon...

Commit message:

Add minor fixes before starting with test on live project

README.md, after:

# Kanban Board

### What is kanban board

Kanban is work management system designed to help visualize work, limit work in progress and maximize efficiency (flow). Kan-Ban is Japanese word for visual signal. Learn more from the [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_board) page.

## About this project

With this application user can easily sign up using existing Github account, and start creating projects. Every project has own dashboard and kanban board. After creating project, administrator can create tasks, invite other user to join the project and split up work.
This is project management application with goal to simplify workflow for teams and help them done work
faster.

Start using 👉 [Kanban Board](https://kanban-board-899e2.web.app) application now!

### Goals of the project

Create a larger scale project without cloning existing project. Learn TypeScript along the way.

### Technologies used to build this project

1. React (functional)
2. TypeScript
3. Firebase (Authentication with Github, Firestore, Hosting)
4. CSS Modules
5. Zustand (for global state)
6. Vite and Vitest

### Features

1. Project - mark project using tags for other user to find and collaborate. Split up work using tasks. Communicate with team using project scope messages. Notification system.
2. Project kanban board - for easier task manipulation use drag and drop interface.
3. Create task - set up title and description. Use deadline to mark timeline when task needs to be completed. Set priority. Task has multiple stages: backlog, assignment, development, test, complete and finished.
4. User - create project and manage it, or join existing project and help.
5. Search for project (by latest, tag, user) or collaborator (by up for work flag)
6. Responsive - this app is best used on desktop size but mobile version is also available.
7. Notification - users and projects get notification about actions and news involving them.

### Screenshots

...coming soon...
